# To_Do App

Welcome to To_Do App! This is a one-page version of a To_Do App. The app displays a list of tasks that the user needs to complete. Each task typically includes a title, description, due date, and status (completed or not).

## Getting Started

To get started with the To_Do App, please follow the instructions below:

1. Clone the project from the git repository by using following command.

```
https://github.com/dGreatCode/Task-Vault-BE.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory using your command prompt or terminal.
3. Run the command bundle install to install all necessary dependencies.

## Tech Stack

The tech stack used to build Sous Recipe Costing Calculator is:

- Ruby on Rails - a web application framework written in the Ruby programming language
- PostgreSQL - an open-source relational database management system

## Dependencies

The following dependencies are required to run Sous Recipe Costing Calculator:

- Ruby 3.1.2
- Rails 7.0.5
- PostgreSQL 14.8

## Installation Guide

> #### Install [RVM](https://rvm.io/rvm/install)
>
> Install the right ruby version (currently 3.1.2):

```shell
  rvm install "ruby-3.1.2"
```

> #### Check your Ruby version

```shell
  ruby -v
```

The ouput should start with something like `ruby 3.1.2`

> #### Install Database (PostgreSQL) 14.8

```shell
  brew install postgresql
  brew services start postgresql
```

### Run this command to install all gems and dependencies

```
bundle install or bundle
```

## Database Setup:

```sh
rails db:create
rails db:migrate
rails db:seed
```

## Linting

[Rubocop](https://github.com/bbatsov/rubocop) linter is configured for this project. In order to trigger linting via CLI, run in root project's folder:

```
rubocop
```

However if you use Rails scaffolding features, autogenerated code may fail under some of the Rubocop's configured rules. Luckily _Rubocop_ supports auto-correction, so you can fix auto-generated code running:

```
rubocop -A
```

## Running up the Server

```sh
bundle exec rails s
```

Once the server is running, you can access the application by navigating to http://localhost:3000 in your web browser.

## Functionality

With TO_DO APP, you can perform the following actions:

1. Register User
2. Login User
3. Create a Task
4. set a task to complete

## Feedback

If you have any feedback or suggestions for improving TO_DO APP, please feel free to reach out to me. I would love to hear from you!
